DOCS-928 - Insight summary - GA (#5650)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-cse/2025-09-11-application.md

---
title: September 11, 2025 - Application Update
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/reuse/rss-image.jpg
keywords:
  - insights
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

### Insight summary

> We excited to announce an AI-generated summary for each insight that describes the threat incidents that led to the creation of the insight. This speeds up understanding of the insight by security teams, helping them get started faster with response. [Learn more](/docs/cse/get-started-with-cloud-siem/about-cse-insight-ui/#insight-summary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re excited to announce the new insights summary pane, an AI-generated summary for each insight that describes the threat incidents that led to its creation. This helps security teams understand incidents faster and accelerate response time. [Learn more](/docs/cse/get-started-with-cloud-siem/about-cse-insight-ui/#insight-summary).
```
